[1/N] ModelOPT PEFT mode support for the megatron-lm (#342)
NVIDIA/TensorRT-Model-Optimizer: CHANGELOG.rst

**New Features**

- Add flag ``op_types_to_exclude_fp16`` in ONNX quantization to exclude ops from being converted to FP16/BF16. Alternatively, for custom TensorRT ops, this can also be done by indicating ``'fp32'`` precision in ``trt_plugins_precision``.

> - Add LoRA mode support for MCore: ``mtpf.update_model(model, LORA_CFG)``.

Reviewer: Should we use `mtpeft`?

Author: SG!

> - Add LoRA mode support for MCore: ``mtpeft.update_model(model, LORA_CFG)``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add LoRA mode support for MCore in a new peft submodule: ``modelopt.torch.peft.update_model(model, LORA_CFG)``.
```
